Previously, we concentrated on styling the menu when the browser was in fullscreen desktop mode. Now, we're going to talk about styling the menus when they're in the drop down, mobile mode. 
We want to override and make our menu just a little bit bigger. It's a little bit too small. Let's go ahead and go to our code editor. And We already have a style here that we can apply, and we'll go ahead and cut and paste it right there. And this style will take that 16 pixels that we're inheriting for that a element from the body element that's been defined, and it's going to bump it up just a little bit. So we're bumping it up about 18px. So we can see that the menu became a little bit bigger. Well, so did the glyph icon, obviously, because the glyph icon is sitting inside. And we already have the glyphicon and the icon of the same size. The way to change the size of the glyphicon is to make sure that this i of glyiphicon has same size as of the menu items list. Well, we know all about specificity in CSS, so we could override that very easily by just specifying the id given to an element. And so that's ID followed by an element followed by another element, so that would override that. One last thing here is, they look way too close, and we need to put a margin on one of them. Well, for example, we could put them, on the actual glyph icon, we could put margin right. We would say about five pixels or so. So let's go back here and give it a margin-right 5 pixels.

And now the drop down menu is looking much better, and it seems like we're done with the menu, at least for this stage of the website development.