We're going to concentrate on these buttons of menu, info, calling number and etc. present in the navigation bar, these menu items. So let us go back to the code editor, index.html and we're going to go ahead and scroll down to right below where our navbar header. We need to put it right below where the navbar header ends, because that's now not part of the navbar header that's going to show up when the main menu collapses and kind of disappears, and only is accessible through this toggle button. 
Okay, so We're going to go ahead and paste some code that we pre-baked. Okay, so the first thing we see is the div that contains all of our menus, all of our navigation buttons. And we see the ID that we gave this div is navmenu. 
This, navmenu is present in the data-bs-target of the button as the button targets this menu which will opne on clicking the button. And the way we specify or do a selector API type of ID is we put a pound sign in front of it. So very much the same as CSS. So here, we're saying we want to select pound sign navmenu which means ID, that's navmenu, well the ID navmenu is right here and the collapse.js, the plug-in from Bootstrap, will use this information in data-bs-target to know to target it's collapsing kind of behavior functionality and it will know to target it right there. 
There's a couple of required classes that we need to put in there. One is collapse another one is navbar-collapse. And again if we look at the bootstrap documentation this is what they tell us to put on the collapsible menu. Okay so that's how our container div, is going to contain all of our menu items. 
Next the way we're going to display the menu items, which is a very common practice to do, is to create an un-ordered list. And we're going to give this un-ordered list an ID called nav-list, and we're going to target that later for styling. And we're going to give it a few classes. One is nav, navbar-nav, and navbar-right. Well nav and navbar-nav is basically saying that this is going to be a component of our navigation bar or navigation. And these are the classes that basically turn our un-ordered list into the nicely done menu. Right there in the navigation bar. 
Another class here is navbar-right. Well that class is very similar to those classes pull-right, pull-left, except this one is specifically for the navbar. So this is navbar-right means we want to still have a navigation bar, but we want it to be pulled to right. we want it to float all the way to the right. So if we actually look at our design the navigation menus are not sitting next to the name of the restaurant. They're sitting all the way to the right. And actually they're aligned to the right gives a better look to the navigation menu. And the way that's done is through this navbar-right class. 
Okay, so the next task is to start listing these LI items. And each Li item is going to have an 'a' element. A, H, or F element that is going to point to some page. Usually within the website. And not only is it going to point to it, it's going to say things like menu, so that's going to be the actual name of the button. 
But right next to it is going to have the i with a special couple of classes, which is bi and then bi-cup-straw. And what these classes do is they're able to bring in what's called an icon font. An icon font is basically a vector based image that is able to behave in the same way that that the font would behave. In other words we could size it, you could colorize it, give it a color, basically use it the same way you use a font except it's usually some sort of vector based shape. Well in this case bi-cup-straw will give us kind of a cup and a straw and that will be our menu. 
NOTE: To use these classes we have to use a library in bootstrap 5 which we include as a link then use them.
Also notice, We use i for the icons as to differentiate them from other tags also we use text-align center in the a tag so as to align the icon in the middle as symmetric with the content and we're putting a break between the actual icon and the word menu. But we're not just putting a break, we're putting classes on it and we're saying d-none and d-sm-block which means we want this break to go away when the screen size is small. And the reason that is if we can take a look, right now the cup on top and the menu right in the bottom, well the way it's achieved is through that break element. 
When we actually do the expanding of the menu when use the toggle button, we don't want the icon to be on top and make this button super thick. Instead, We want them to laid out the icon and the menu or the words for the menu, So want them to be flat. We want them to be horizontal. So therefore We're going to go ahead and hide the break element at that screen size lg, when the toggle menu button arrives. And basically the same code is done for about in the words. We can go to icons in bootstrap 5 and check each icons class to be used and we can have a whole bunch of different icons and it will tell us exactly how to specify it. So in our case the second icon is info icon which has class = "bi bi-info-circle-fill". And that's the icon that we're going to get and we're able to, again, style it however we want in terms of color, in terms of sizing and so just like a regular font, even if we make it super big, the shape of it is still going to be very sharp and clear. The one last item here that we want us to take a look at is this last LI, which contains our phone number. And there are a couple of things here. Number one is we're telling number with tel with a colon and the phone number and what's that going to do is if actually somebody clicks on it or taps on it they will trigger the phone to try to call it, so let's say we have calling program installed on your computer in the regular desktop, they'll trigger that. Or if we're on a mobile phone, this type of set-up will trigger the phone to try to call or use its phone feature to call. Now notice what we're doing here. We're setting up this LI to be hidden XS meaning when the screen size is going to be super small we want this phone number hidden. Phone number together with the words we deliver. Just the whole thing. We want the whole thing hidden. So why would we want to hide this element when the screen is extra small? When the size of our browser is mobile. Meaning, We're in a mobile phone, we don't want the phone number to show up as part of this menu. We actually wanted to show up right across the entire width of the browser, the mobile browser. And We want to have actually pretty drastically different styling for it, and that is why we want to hide this element all together when we're at the screen size of extra small.

And let's switch to the browser. We'll go into the HTML. And now we see that we have some work to do in terms of styling but the menu about and awards and we deliver and the phone number all showing up just nicely. Let's go ahead and add some styling to navigation. We'll go to our CSS folder and we'll open up the styles.css. And we'll scroll down to the available space here, and we already have some code that we've pre-baked especially for this, so let's go ahead and paste that. So the styling starts with targeting this nav list which is an element with an ID nav list. Let's go ahead and orient ourselves a little bit. Where's this ID nav list? Well the ID nav list is the UL so the entire UL is the nav list and that's kind of our anchor from where we're starting to style the rest of them. So here all we are doing is just giving every link within the menu a color, which is that maroon color that we basically are using throughout the entire site. That's the color of the napkins of the restaurant. And we're also going to center it. The menu, the text at least of those menu items was a little bit shifted. 
We think it was shifted to the left but or to the right. But anyway we need to make sure it is aligned center and we also need to let the users know when they move the mouse over the menu that their mouse is in fact over the clickable region so therefore we're going to do this, nav-list a:hover and we're going to give it a little bit of a light, close to white type of a color as a background. For the phone here we're going to give it a margin top of five pixels just to move it down a little bit and the actual phone number will again align to the right because we want it to go all the way to the right of the edge of the design and we'll give the bottom padding of zero so it's actually right there at the bottom so it's not pushed up in any way. Right next to or right below the format we should say, we have this we deliver message and it's going to be ingrained, just to stand out and a text align will align it again to the right, similar to the phone number so the phone number and the words we deliver will align its right edges. 
And just to align it with a phone number exactly, we'll go ahead and give the padding right for that we deliver message we'll give it padding right at 15 pixels. Let's go ahead and save that and take a look at what our website looks now. Well it looks much better look at this now and when we roll over we could see that there's a background color that shows up on everyone of those things. We deliver as we could see is also aligned very nicely with our phone number. And we may or may not have realize but since we put all the IDs in right places, this should now work then when we squeeze the browser, if we squeeze the browser and get to our collapsible menu state, when we click on this the menu will show up. And it's a real menu and selectable. And we click on it again, it will go away. And all of that is really done completely out of the box. We really didn't write any code to do this. This is something that Bootstrap already provides.