Now, we're going to start looking at smaller screen sizes below large, so medium and small. So let's take a look at what we need to do next. Well if at there's four of them meaning it is column three. So that means that maybe it's medium. We want column four. So let's go ahead and select each one of these.

Okay, so let's say space, column dash medium, and in this case we'll do four, and we'll save that, and let's go to our browser, and let's squeeze it now and let's see if it's going to get into three, three. So right now it's one, two, three, four, and when it gets to medium screen size should be three of them across the page. Let's get to, there we go. So right now it's three, and whatever doesn't fit just start spilling over to the next line. So what happens when we go even less than that? And they should stack and again there's enough room for at least two of them so we're not ready to stack just yet. So let's go back to editor and what we'll do is we'll do small to be six and that way there will be two of them. It seems to be just about right. New column Dash small six. Okay that sounds about right. We'll save that and we'll go back to the browser, and now if we squeeze it, it will become four to three and from three to two. So, what happens if we squeeze it any more than that? It stack to single column and fits about right.

NOTE: To create the extra column class say col-xxs-12 we can copy same code of col-xs-12 from bootstrap.css and put it in our style.css under the media query with min-width under which we want that column class to act. Then we can use our newly made class in our code.