So now we're ready to embark on actually doing the main content of the page. And what we're going to start with is a giant picture of the restaurant, of the interior of the restaurant, which is actually what's called the Jumbotron in bootstrap. 
However before we start, we're going to have to define some element that is going to be a container for everything that is inside of our website. And that's simply because remember, we put in the container our header and we want everything nicely aligned to its edges. So we need a top level element within our main content to have a container class assigned to it. Let's go ahead and start with that. Let's go back to code editor, let's open up the index.html. And we'll go ahead and scroll down right above our javascript plugins and we'll open up another DIV. We'll say div.container and we'll press tab and that's the emit plug-in that's helping us do this. And we'll actually give it even an ID so that way later it will be much easier for us to target it. We'll call it main-content. 
Okay, so here's our main content, and now we're ready to code up our jumbotron. Well the way we're going to code our Jumbotron is we have a whole bunch of images in the Images folder. They all are sized very differently. The first one is 768, that one is 768 pixels wide. Then there's jumbotron 992. That one is 992 pixels wide, and finally the 1200 one is the biggest one there. And obviously what we want from this is, to be able to substitute different pictures, different resolutions, depending on the screen size. 
So, assuming the smallest screen size, the smaller device, and it's probably mobile, And therefore we don't want to waste our bandwidth so let's go ahead and create a div that's going to contain our jumbotron. We'll press tab here and that's the DIV. And what's going to happen is we're going to assign a background CSS property to this DIV and it's going to load the image responsively. Meaning depending on the media query it's going to appear and is going to load different size image. However we have one limitation. We can't stretch and construct the image when it is sized that ways of background image. And we needed to stretch and contract when it's very small. We're going to go ahead and paste a little bit of code here. And we pre-made this code for us before.
And what it's doing is it's creating an image tag. And the image tag is taking the smallest Jumbotron picture there is and assigning some old text. And this is the most important part here. The classes, the class img-fluid comes from Bootstrap. And basically what it says is, as we change the width of the browser, the width and the sizing of the image is going to change proportionally. And that's very important for us, something we really can't do with a background image very well. And also we're only going to make this visible when the screen is extra small. Which means if we save this right now, And go back to my browser, We'll see that this is showing up but the the image is not showing up. But if we squeeze the browser all the way to extra small we'll see that the image actually showed up. So we want only this img tag to show up when it's extra small. But for higher widths of the browser, We're going to use the a background image in order to the size the image. 
Notice that we already see the effects of our container div, we can see how the edges of our header are aligning very nicely with the edges of our main content.

Okay so let's go back to our code editor and we'll open up our styles.css file and we'll load our jumbotron images in this proper media query so the first one is going to be for the large devices right here. And again we're going to cut and paste some pre-baked CSS.

So here's our jumbotron, and what we're doing is basic, we're adding to or overriding some of the properties that the Bootstrap jumbotron class had. So number one is, we're assigning a background URL to be the largest jumbotron image there is, and we obviously, don't want to repeat that. And we're setting it's height because as we know background images don't effect the height of the element, so therefore we need to set the height. And we're giving it some box shadow and something that we should look up how that works. It's very, very simple. And we're giving it a two pixel border so it will stand out a little bit better. So let's save that and go ahead and look in our browser to see how that looks. We can see that we have the border and some of the back shadowing going on around it. And it's looking pretty nice. 
However, we now have to assign the images for each width and the image will be different for different sizes of the width of the screen. Also the background shadow and the border is still the same as we have shifted them to the jumbotron class style just above the media queries.
So let's go back and check if it works. So now, we have the responsive images at different screen width.

And when we get to this size we still need to do some styling but at least we can see that the smaller image is showing up. And every single time this is something that when we obviously go on a real device there's going to be a particular size, that means only one image will download. That's actually a little bit incorrect, because we do have this image that we are always loading which is that small image. And that's really going to not really hurt us too much on the larger device sizes, but when it's on a super small device size which is your regular cell phone, that's the only image that's going to load, because the rest of them aren't going to load at all. They're not even being targeted for that screen size. Okay, so let's go back to the browser and take a look here. And we can see that, when we do squeeze it all the way, even though the image shows up, we aren't really sizing it properly and we're certainly not giving it the right borders. 
Let's go back to the code editor, and once again we'll go to styles.css and we'll go to the super small here screen size, the extra small screen size, and what we'll do is we will paste some code here that we pre-baked again for this. And it's going to override that jumbotron, we should say add to the jumbotron class. It will set some margins, give it some padding, the box-shadow and at this point it should be pretty much good to go. If we save it and go take a look. 

NOTE: We observe somewhere that the some of the propeties that we specify are not used or not applied but if we inspect we would most proabably find that it was due to specificity, given the syntax is right, like it has more number of the specifiers.

To tackle the specificity issue we can also add more specifiers for the properties. It's actually exactly how we wanted it. In fact it's a probably a good idea to take this container jumbotron combo and actually go through every single place where we specified jumbotron and actually use that specificity so we know we don't get tripped up by this again. Let's go ahead and replace that everywhere.

And now, we go back to the browser, we should be good to go. And if we stretch the browser, right, and every single screen size, we see that it's working just fine. As we can see the responsive, the img-fluid class, from bootstrap is letting us now go to the img tag at this size and letting us stretch the Image back and forth and as we get to a higher size now it's just a background image and therefore it's just going to stay static but keep jumping every time we go to a different screen size. One last thing is we're specifying a couple of properties namely border and box shadow. Every single time that we specify container jumbotron. Well, it's probably a waste so let's go ahead and take that out and put it into a style that's outside any media queries. That way we're only going to have to specify it once and not have to specify it every single time for every media query which seems a little bit wasteful. So let's take that out of here. And now that we're outside the media queries let's go ahead and create a class called .container, container.jumbotron

And we'll cut and paste those two properties right here.

And now it should be like that everywhere and that's actually part of the home page.

We save it and we'll go back to the browser and everything should pretty much work as it was before. As jumping through different sizes. As we can see, everything is working, at least, seems to be working just fine. Okay, so our jumbotron is working, and we're ready to move on.