While editing, Sublime is tries to help us out a complete as we type. The problem is that Sublime at this point thinks that all other directory from beginning to end and are part of our project, and every single one of them as we can see may have some CSS in it. Some of them when we get to bootstrap already have some JavaScript in it as well. So all that is going to be try to put into the context and put in to memory of Sublime. To try to help us out. So that's going to create some slowness, so let's go ahead, and redo our work space, and only include the project, the particular we're on, in our work space. 

Okay, so what we're actually interested in is not so much the page anymore. Is we're interested in the JavaScript that is going to run, and chrome developer tools which is part of chrome browser is a great tool to have and to actually use. So what we're going to do is we're going to inspect, so we'll go ahead, and open Chrome Developer Tools, and in the elements section is basically where we've kind of been living for the last so much time, we've been living in the elements tab. Where we're going to be living from now on, at least for a little while, is in a consult tab. So when we click the consult tab, this is where the JavaScript, and the JavaScript messages are going to show up. Now, we don't really need to see this webpage thing all the time and we do want this console to have a little bit more space. So, the way we could do that is by going this dot, dot, dot, and actually undock this whole panel. So, we'll do that right now and that just threw out this panel all the way here. 
So, what we're going to do is, we're going to make it a little bit smaller, and we'll align it just like so, and now we can have our full blown JavaScript console right in front of us as we write our code. So now we could try to make this a little bit more minimized, but what we actually should do is just to close it all together, because we know where we are. 
So at this point, we'll go ahead and open up our script, the JavaScript.js, and now, index.html, and we'll do Cmd+K+B or Ctrl+K+B on Windows. And we'll just close the file explorer, Okay, so now that we have our development environment the way we want it.